# RealTime

RealTime is an application that allows a user to retrieve information based on their geolocation. The user will have a map of their current locaiton provided via google maps that is constantly displayed, along with the 10 day local weather forecast, for the user. Below the map and weather, the user will have 5 buttons to choose from: "Restaurants", "Places to Stay", "Current Events", "Local News", and "Emergency Services". 

If the user selects "Restaurants", the display div below the buttons will populate with all the restuarants locally in the area, coutesy of our Yelp API. If the user selects "Places to Stay", the display div below the buttons will populate with all the hotels in the area, courtesy of our Hotels API. If the user selects "Current Events", the display div below the buttons will populate with all the current events in the area, also a courtesy of our Yelp API. If the user selects "Local News", the display div below the buttons will populate with all the local news headlines for the area, courtesy of our Local News API. Finally, if the user selects "Emergency Services", the display div below the button will populate with the contact information for local emergency services.

This application is useful because it provides a one stop shop for current information pertaining to one's geolocation. A user will no longer have to navigate the web to locate all these different pieces of information, but rather have them available at the click of a button. It is perfect for anyone who is traveling to a locaiton foreign to them, and would like to have a general idea of the area they are visiting. Nonetheless, it could even be used by someone who is local, and just wants to stay up to date with everything in the area. 

The user can get started with the application by simply opening it. Upon document load, RealTime immediately pulls their geolocaiton and displays their locaiton on a map, along with the local weather forecast. The user will then have the ability to choose from any of the 5 buttons displayed. If the user has any issues, they can refer to this README for more in-depth instructions and explainations. 
How users can get started with the project

This application is maintained and supported by our RealTime Team: Mutahir Chaudhry, Brandon Fields, Ryan Hart, Jeremiah Graham.